workers ==> worker
arbeiter ==> worker

sold. ==> soldier
soldiers ==> soldier
soldat ==> soldier
soldaten ==> soldier

exuv. ==> exuvia
exuvien ==> exuvia
exuvie ==> exuvia
exuvias ==> exuvia

eier ==> egg
ei ==> egg
eggs ==> egg

♂ ==> male
♂♂ ==> male
m. ==> male
males ==> male
männchen ==> male
mannchen ==> male
maennchen ==> male

♀ ==> female
♀♀ ==> female
f. ==> female
females ==> female
weibchen ==> female

☿ ==> queen
☿☿ ==> queens
queens ==> queen
königin ==> queen
konigin ==> queen
koenigin ==> queen
königinnen ==> queen
koniginnen ==> queen
koeniginnen ==> queen
gynes ==> queen
gynen ==> queen

ex. ==> generic
exemplar ==> generic
exemplare ==> generic

sp. ==> generic
specimens ==> generic
specimen ==> generic

ad. ==> adult
adultes ==> adult
adults ==> adult
adulte ==> adult

subad. ==> subadult
subadultes ==> subadult
subadults ==> subadult
subadulte ==> subadult

juv. ==> juvenile
juveniles ==> juvenile

n. ==> nymphe
nymphes ==> nymphe
nymphen ==> nymphe

p. ==> pupa
puppen ==> pupa
puppe ==> pupa
pupae ==> pupa
pupas ==> pupa

l. ==> larva
larven ==> larva
larve ==> larva
larvae ==> larva
larvas ==> larva

interc. ==> intercalary
interk. ==> intercalary
interkalare ==> intercalary
interkalar ==> intercalary
intercalaries ==> intercalary

androtype ==> generic
androtypes ==> generic
androtyp ==> generic
androtypen ==> generic
androtypus ==> generic

gynotype ==> generic
gynotypes ==> generic
gynotyp ==> generic
gynotypen ==> generic
gynotypus ==> generic

holotype ==> generic
holotypes ==> generic
holotyp ==> generic
holotypen ==> generic
holotypus ==> generic

lectotype ==> generic
lectotypes ==> generic
lectotyp ==> generic
lectotypen ==> generic
lectotypus ==> generic

neotype ==> generic
neotypes ==> generic
neotyp ==> generic
neotypen ==> generic
neotypus ==> generic

niotype ==> generic
niotypes ==> generic
niotyp ==> generic
niotypen ==> generic
niotypus ==> generic

paratype ==> generic
paratypes ==> generic
paratyp ==> generic
paratypen ==> generic
paratypus ==> generic

paralectotype ==> generic
paralectotypes ==> generic
paralectotyp ==> generic
paralectotypen ==> generic
paralectotypus ==> generic

syntype ==> generic
syntypes ==> generic
syntyp ==> generic
syntypen ==> generic
syntypus ==> generic

type ==> generic
types ==> generic
typ ==> generic
typen ==> generic
typus ==> generic